README.md, before:

ABGameKitHelper
===============

Objective-C Helper class to ease interaction with Apple&#39;s GameKit API

Currently only compatible with Cocos2D 2.0 +

Features:
--
- Show Leaderboards (specify which) / Achievements
- Report Scores to Leaderboards / Report Achievements
- Achievement / Score Caching System
- All saved data is encrypted (AppStore Safe) … no cheating here ;)

Future:
--
- Moutain Lion Compatibility
- Cocos2D 1.1 / AppKit compatibility

License:
--
Copyright (c) 2012 Ablfx (Alexander Blunck)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Support for all types of apps

README.md, after:

ABGameKitHelper
===============

Objective-C Helper class to ease interaction with Apple&#39;s GameKit API

Should work with all types of Apps, also Cocos2d 1 & 2+

Features:
--
- Show Leaderboards (specify which) / Achievements
- Report Scores to Leaderboards / Report Achievements
- Achievement / Score Caching System
- All saved data is encrypted (AppStore Safe) … no cheating here ;)

Future:
--
- Mac / Moutain Lion Compatibility

License:
--
Copyright (c) 2012 Ablfx (Alexander Blunck)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
